ALEC-94: Update health check command (#130)
OpenNMS/alec: docs/modules/install/pages/pre_install.adoc

:imagesdir: ../assets/images
= Pre-Installation Tasks

This section describes the configuration tasks that you must complete before installing ALEC.

== OpenNMS configuration

Before you install ALEC, you must configure your OpenNMS instance.

=== Set \$OPENNMS_HOME variable

The ALEC installation documentation refers to the `$OPENNMS_HOME` environment variable, which does not exist by default.
To create it, use the command that is appropriate for your Linux distribution:

* *RHEL/CentOS:* `export OPENNMS_HOME=/opt/opennms`
* *Ubuntu/Debian:* `export OPENNMS_HOME=/usr/share/opennms`

=== Verify OpenNMS installation

Run `opennms:health-check` in an OpenNMS Karaf shell to verify the status of your Horizon or Meridian instance.
If the command returns `Everything is awesome`, you can continue to <<alarm-history-storage, Enable alarm history storage>>.

> If it returns `Oh no, something is wrong`, you must address the underlying problem before moving forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it returns `Oh no, something is wrong`, you must address the underlying problem before continuing.
```

It lets OpenNMS maintain historical alarm information on an Elasticsearch server.

Follow these steps in an OpenNMS Karaf shell to set up the integration.

. Point your OpenNMS instance to an Elasticsearch instance:
+
[source, shell]
----
config:edit org.opennms.features.alarms.history.elastic
config:property-set elasticUrl http://elastic:9200 <1>
config:update
----
<1> Replace the sample URL with one that points to your Elasticsearch instance.

. Install the alarm history feature:
+
[source, shell]
feature:install opennms-alarm-history-elastic

. Run `opennms:health-check`.
If the alarm history feature is configured properly, `Everything is awesome` is displayed.

=== Enable syslogd

We recommend that you enable https://docs.opennms.com/horizon/latest/reference/daemons/daemon-config-files/syslogd.html[syslogd] to take advantage of the syslog patterns and event definitions that ALEC provides.

Edit `$OPENNMS_HOME/etc/service-configuration.xml` and change the following code:

[source, xml]
----
<service enabled="false">
    <name>OpenNMS:Name=Syslogd</name>
----

to:

[source, xml]
----
<service>
    <name>OpenNMS:Name=Syslogd</name>
----

> This change is effected the next time OpenNMS restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change occurs the next time OpenNMS restarts.
```
